c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe.config
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.pdb
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.WinForm.dll
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\SkeletonBasics-WPF.exe
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\SkeletonBasics-WPF.pdb
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.WinForm.pdb
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.g.resources
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe
c:\users\haley\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\kinectTutorial\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe.config
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.g.resources
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\kinectTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.exe
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\kinectTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.WinForm.pdb
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Fusion.dll
C:\Users\keckvp\Documents\balletBot\kinectTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
